Ah
What do you say
Oh [music]
Well, your face is so good, you're healthy and you didn't have this, but instead of me, yeah, the tutor also asked me to do it
Congratulations to a college student
Shul [music]
I don’t think it’s a forgery or a problem that makes me sleepy.
Uh, his son is deceived by the principle. Uh, what is your real wife?
I can withstand a full-time business, now that top you 5
[Music] We are all artists of Sung-il
Squirt and give a self-portrait
Yes, I've been changing several art classes in the meantime. It comes up with breast life.
Yes wait, Jessica's only daughter, Illinois Shika, and Morgan moved to dance 0
Uh le
The number 2 is good enough for me g
[Music] No, there is a lease fee
Uh
I think I saw the net really existed right now
Uh le
Ah
a
Ugh
[music]